Q1.Java Program to find greatest among two numbers
Q2.Java Program to find smallest among two numbers
Q3.Java Program to find whether the given number is odd or even number
Q4.Java Program to find whether the difference between two numbers is even or odd
Q5.Java Program to find whether the given number is 3 digit number or not
Q6.Java Program to find greatest among three numbers
Q7.Java Program to find smallest among three numbers
Q8.Java Program to find whether the last digit of given number is divisible by 3
Q9.Java Program to check odd or even using bitwise operator
Q10.Java Program to check whether the sum of two numbers is even or odd
Q11. Java Program to check whether the first digit of a 3 digit number is odd or even
Q12. Java Program to check whether the last digit of a number is odd or even
Q13. Java Program to check whether a number is positive, negative, or zero
Q14. Java Program to check whether a number is divisible by both 3 and 5
Q15. Java Program to check whether a number is divisible by either 3 or 7
Q16. Java Program to check whether a number is divisible by both 2 and 5 but not by 8.
Q17. Java Program to check whether two numbers have the same last digit
Q18. Java Program to check whether a number is a single-digit, two-digit, or three-digit number
Q19. Java Program to check whether the product of two numbers is positive or negative
Q20.Java Program to check whether the ASCII value of a character is even or odd.


Q1. Java Program to check whether a given character is a vowel or consonant
Q2. Java Program to check whether a given character is uppercase, lowercase, digit, or special symbol
Q3. Java Program to check whether a character is alphabet or not
Q4. Java Program to check whether a character is a digit or not
Q5. Java Program to check whether two characters are equal or not


Q1. Java Program to check whether a triangle is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene
Q2. Java Program to check whether a triangle is right-angled or not
Q3. Java Program to check whether a point (x, y) lies in which quadrant
Q4. Java Program to check whether the sum of three angles forms a valid triangle.
Q5. Java Program to check whether three sides form a valid triangle
Q6. Write a Java Program to check whether four sides form a square or rectangle.
Q7. Java Program to calculate the distance between two points (x1,y1) and (x2,y2).


Q1. Java Program to check whether a year is a leap year or not
Q2.Java Program to check whether a given year is a century year or not.
Q3.Java Program to check whether the first two digits and last two digits of a year are equal.
Q4.Java Program to check whether two given years have the same last digit.
Q5.Write a Java Program to check whether a given year and month combination is valid and print the number of days in that month (consider leap years for February).


Q1.Java Program to Arithmetic Calculator using switch case Statements
Q2.Java Program to check grade of a student based on marks (A, B, Java, Fail)
Q3.Java Program to check whether the given day number (1–7) is a weekday or weekend
Q4.Write a Java Program using switch case to print the season based on month number(Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn).
Q5.Java Program using switch to implement a mini ATM simulation


Q1.Write a Java Program to calculate different discount for different Bill amount
Q2.Write a Java Program to check whether a person is eligible to vote (age ≥ 18)
Q3.Write a Java Program to check whether a person is eligible for senior citizen benefits (age ≥ 60)
Q4.Write a Java program to display mobile Battery Javaheck – "Low Battery", "50% Javaonsumed", or "Battery Full".
Q5.Write a Java program to check if temperature is above 100 (fever check).
Q6.Write a Java program to check pass/fail based on marks (marks ≥ 35 = pass).
Q7.Write a Java program to calculate electricity bill using slab rates (0–100 free, 101–300 = ₹5/unit, >300 = ₹10/unit) and apply surcharge if consumption exceeds 500 units.
Q8.Write a Java program to check if an entered PIN matches the stored ATM PIN before allowing withdrawal.
Q9.Write a Java program to check if withdrawal amount ≤ balance and is a multiple of 100 (ATM Withdrawal Validation).
Q10.Write a Java program to print "Stop / Ready / Go" based on traffic light color.
Q11.Write a Java program to apply discount based on purchase amount.
Q12.Write a Java program to show weather condition (cold, pleasant, hot, heatwave) based on temperature.
Q13.Write a Java program to display mobile battery status (full, moderate, low).
Q14.Write a Java program to assign ticket price based on passenger age (child, adult, senior).
Q15.Write a Java program to check whether vehicle speed exceeds 100 km/h.
Q16.Write a Java program to validate a mobile number . If it has 10 or more digits, print “Valid Number”, otherwise print “Invalid Number”.
Q17.Write a Java program to assign different ticket prices based on day of the week (weekday/weekend).
Q18.Write a Java program to calculate water bill using slab rates (≤1000 liters free, next 2000 @ ₹5, above @ ₹10 per 1000 liters).
Q19.Write a Java program to display mobile data usage alert – "Low Data", "Half Javaonsumed", or "Data Over" based on usage.
Q20.Write a Java program to Javaheck if vehicle speed exceeds 100 km/h.("Over-speeding! Fine imposed.","Speed iswithin limit")